Update which-key reference with DisplayOption (#52)
VSpaceCode/vspacecode.github.io: docs/whichkey/reference.md

All current definitions of transient type are converted internally at the moment.
- Conditional type is an experimental feature that provides conditional binding behavior. See [Extra](extra/#conditional-bindings-experimental)

### DisplayOption

```ts
{

>     Hidden = "hidden"

Reviewer: Should this be a boolean?

Author: This is similar to the `BindingType` above, but we only have one display option right now.

For example: one can specify `"display": "hidden"`

- `key` is the key such as `k` ot `\t` to trigger the binding.
- `name` is the name of the binding such as `+buffer` or `start debug`.
- `icon` is an optional string property (e.g. `rocket`) used for the display of vscode [product icons](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/icons-in-labels)

> - `display` is an optional `DisplayOption` that control how the binding item should be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `display` is an optional `DisplayOption` that controls how the binding item is displayed.
```
Simplified
